We're gonna do another kind of
simplified version of this,
which is I kind of mentioned this before,
is we've got this text element.
And right now for the text element,
it always returns a div,
we wanna make a semantically
better text element.
Where we could pass in as prop in there,
and
as you'd be like as a paragraph tag,
as a span.
As I don't know article,
whatever you wanna pass text into.
We wanna just make it so
we're using the same pattern that we use
from the buttons with this text property.
And give it a shot and
try to cuz it's a lot,
I think the act of kind of going through
it will cement it into your brain and
then we'll review it together as a team.